By Mwangi Wa MwangiAS WE APPROACH 8th August, this is the message to all Kenyans that as been received well.#Teachers..if you are in this profession, you have no business supporting this rudderless and ignorant government; not after the public shame they put you through last year and then as a campaign strategy they added you some coins last week that is not even worth mentioning. You need to defiantly shame this government very early in the morning next week.#doctors..we need not talk much about what our doctors went through in the hands of this mediocre government last year and early this year; Teargas and jailing. Unless you are the most stupid person to ever occupy the earth, as a doctor, I expect you to kick this crooked regime the way you would do to someone interfering with your stable marriage.#unemployed youths..need I talk much about this group! Companies have closed one after the other shifting to other countries that are business friendly such as Ethiopia and South Africa. Don t buy the bullshit being peddled by jubilee tumbocrats that they have been laying a foundation for the last 4.5 years unless the foundation is their stomach and now in their second term they are ready to swallow everything including you. Don t betray yourself; you will suffer under their leadership for another five years. Kenya will never recover if you cast your vote in their favor. Use that vote wisely by voting for Joshua.#single mothers Here Joshua is talking directly to the souls and hearts of women who have been betrayed by their former lovers or have lost them through natural and unnatural circumstances. The said parents are plenty in central Kenya than any other region. Baba will be that husband you have been silently crying for. He will walk with you through every stumbling block until your kids are grown fully. This is a promise you can t just ignore. He needs your trust next week. Your vote will help him realize this promise. Look for babas photo, tick his name and together you will walk the journey.#TANOFRESH#BABATIBIM