Are Jubilee now targeting to destroy the IEBC back up systems? Fears are growing in legal and political circles of planned attack on IEBC back-up servers to destroy records in the wake of an opposition petition to the supreme court to challenge Uhuru Kenyatta&#8217;s electoral win. The IEBC disaster recovery system could now be targeted for physical or digital attacks after it emerged that the genuine records of the 2017 elections returns are still intact, despite an algorithm having been embedded in the result transmission system. Widespread panic has engulfed the newly installed Jubilee administration after they got wind that NASA could have received intelligence of the existence of the records hence their campaign to open up IEBC servers. &nbsp; The political grapevine indicates that various options have been discussed by the Jubilee high command including setting a deliberate inferno at the IEBC data centre then blaming it on electrical fault. Jubilee hackers have been for the last few days burning midnight oil attempting to infiltrate the Kenya Integrated Elections Management Systems (KIEMS) designed and supplied by Safran (Morpho) Identity &amp; Security using European standard end-to-end digital security protocols. The fear within Jubilee is further compounded by the fact NASA has changed tact and is now said to be preparing a strong petition which may compel the Supreme Court to order an audit of the servers to expose the external manipulation during result transmission. What has sent shivers down the spines of Uhuru and Ruto are revelations that such an order will inevitably expose the actual records of voting returns that show Raila Odinga won the presidential election. The first red flag came when the EU Election Observer Mission beat a hasty retreat and refused to endorse Uhuru&#8217;s win in their preliminary report having been briefed of the existence of legitimate data from the KIEMS servers. &nbsp;EU Chief Observer Marietje Schaake presented the EU EOM preliminary report on the 2017 general election which called on IEBC to upload all final documents to its portal. Soon after, the well connected Ms Schaake, was recalled by the EU parliament for unspecified reasons but she left behind more than 100 long term observers to continue monitoring the situation. It is not clear if her departure is linked to that of IEBC commissioner Dr Roselyn Akombe who also left the country in mysterious circumstances. Dr Akombe was prominently seen feeding and exchanging documents at Bomas of Kenya while IEBC Chairman was making his final public address raising questions about her role and if the Chairman was reading documentation he had previewed in advance or he was already hostage to unknown forces using Dr Akombe who had presented unsigned results to Chebukati. Already, IEBC Chairman Wafula Chebukati himself under heavy guard, has requested for extra security on their premises IEBC headquarters and vigilance beefed up on the back up disaster recovery system said to contain the results. These stunning revalations come against the backdrop of a powerful team of lawyers assembled by NASA are said to be heading to the Supreme Court to challenge Uhuru&#8217;s victory, reportedly with a solid petition.