Jubilee plotting on stealing NASA evidenceThere&#8217;s a serious debate within State House about whether to clandestinely pluck out some volumes of NASA evidence from the Supreme Court. Jubilee, which has recently been notorious for raids and murders, is at pains as to how to stop certain evidence now before High Court from being scrutinized by the public. The plan is now narrowed down to compromising the registrar or some clerk at the Supreme Court into destroying key NASA evidence and claim the files have disappeared as has been the practice in numerous offices. The evidence assembled by NASA is so overwhelming that JUBILEE is worried that the Supreme Court may order a fresh election. IEBC is relying on cooked forms 34 A, B &amp; C and hoping that no-one will have time to peruse all the 54,000 forms that they presented as evidence that Uhuru won.The Bomas National Tallying Center continues to be a beehive of activity weeks after the election, as clerks were cooking the results, and State summoned with murder threats NASA and Jubilee agents to sign the forms 34. The agents were induced with cash or intimidated with Msando-like murder if they didn&#8217;t co-operate.What NASA intends to present before the Supreme Court will cause former US Secretary of State John Kerry to rescind his earlier misguided verdict of the Kenyan election as Free, Fair &amp; Credible, based on seeing people line up and vote. Never before, will Election Observers and Monitors declare an election as free, fair and credible without interrogating the information technology component, which is where the ukora was done. IEBC is counting on the big words of Lumumba PLO to secure favorable Supreme Court judgment over their not so cogent handling of the 2017 general election.Uhuru is and will always be the COMPUTER GENERATED KIFARANGA president. Whichever way the Supreme Court Judges rule, we don&#8217;t care. What we care about is that the evidence of rigging is laid bare before the world. The biggest question remains as to who will Jubilee murder next??? Is it a NASA lawyer? Is it some Supreme Court clerk who refuses to co-operate? Is it a Supreme Court Justice? Is it a Civil Society activist? Is it Chebukati or some IEBC commissioner? Who is next