By Odumbe Isaac KuteWhy are people acting like it s normal and OK for IEBC to carry out the repeat of the Presidential election. Wafula Chebukati, Esra Chiloba, all the IEBC Commissioners and all their secretariat Directors and senior staff are criminals. They conspired and attempted to carry out a coup d tat. They belong in jail. Allowing them to carry out another election is like letting a convicted sexual offender run a rape crisis centre.These punks have to be charged and tried for their crimes against the people of Kenya. There is no constitutional crisis as some detractors would want us to believe. If it takes longer than 60 days to put together a credible team with integrity to run the election, so be it. We re not going anywhere, we can wait. Our constitution is very solid. Parliament is in session. If we have to dispense with the interim drunk President we have after 60 days, so be it. There is a clear line of succession. The Speaker of the National Assembly Justin Muturi can be the acting President for 90 more days. The integrity of the election is more important than rushing to another cluster foxtrot for the sake of expediency. The Supreme court ruling on Friday was for posterity and justice. It signalled a determination to fight impunity and incompetence.Besides, the courts this week are going to be flooded by petitions against all the vifaranga generated positions from Governors to MCA s. We re going to have another general election or at the minimum, at least 100 by-elections because of nullified results. They should start with Adan Duale s Garissa seat. Most of our brothers and sisters in Kisii and Nyamira are still scratching their heads asking who the hell voted for Jubilee. The same in 4 constituencies in Kakamega and 4 in Bungoma. Jubilee rigged themselves so hard, they over did the job. And then there s my grandmother s polling station in Rongo Kamagambo where apparently Raila got 2 votes and Uhuru 577. There s more chance of Arsenal winning the Champions League than that ever happening.Uncle Chepukatnezza and his thugs have no business conducting another election.