Here are the individuals purportedly appointed by Chebukati to oversee elections, the magic number in the October vote is 57%. They were appointed after consultation with Statehouse operative and suspended CEO Ezra Chiloba.1. Marjan Marjan (Designated as Project Coordinator)Marjan is the Deputy CEO for the IEBC working under Ezra Chiloba. Marjan receives instructions from Ezra and does not contradict him. Marjan also maintains a close relations with Isaak Hassan, the former Chairperson of the Commission.2. Dr. Sydney Namulungu (Designated as Head of Operations)Served at the IEBC Headquarter as the Training Manager under the Directorate of Voter Registration and Election Operations. As the Training Manager, he worked under Immaculate Kassait. He is a Jubilee sympathizer and worked as a team leader responsible for Central in the 2013 General Elections. He was responsible for many irregularities during the 2013 General Elections including: Delays in recording attendance by Returning Officers from the central region, failure by ROs to undertake tallying and announcement of results in their respective constituencies before coming to Bomas and allegations of changed results. After the 2013 General Elections, he was moved to Kakamega as the Regional Election Coordinator. In the 2017 General Elections, he worked as the County Returning Officer for Kakamega. In the Audit of the IEBC servers, Kakamega was one of the affected areas where unauthorized access were reported. He was responsible for returning a number of MPs in the Kakamega County in favour of Jubilee. 3. Ms Nancy Kariuki (Designated as Head of Logistics)Nancy Served as the Manager Voter Registration under the Directorate of Voter Registration and Elections Operations. As the Manager responsible for Voter Registration, she worked under the supervision of Immaculate Kassait. In the 2013 Tallying Center she received, excel spreadsheets-tallying forms from Returning Officers, which were then changed in favour of Jubilee. After the 2013 General Elections, she was moved to Central Region as the Regional Coordinator. In the 2017 General Elections (August 8th), she was appointed as the County Returning Officer for Mombasa. She attempted to frustrate the campaign process for Joho through purportedly addressing complaint that was beyond her mandate. She frustrated the tallying process. Mombasa (Changamwe in particular) was one of the Constituencies reported as having had unauthorized access to the server. Nancy is unacceptable and should not be serving in the Commission.4. Albert Gogo (Designated as Head of ICT) Albert Gogo has worked as a Constituency Elections Coordinator and Returning Officer in Mombasa. Both roles are under supervision of Immaculate Kassait. His ICT credentials are not known or questionable. Most CECs are compromised especially having worked as Returning Officers. 4. Mr Ben Misati Moseti (Designated as Head of Training). Suspected to be Ben Misati who acted as the RO for Bungoma. As a Returning Officer he reported to Immaculate Kassait. He was responsible for frustrating the candidature of Bungoma Senator Moses Wetangula. Leans toward Jubilee. 5. Silas Rotich (Designated as Head of National Tally Center) Silas Rotich worked as County Returning Officer for Nakuru County. Previously, Rotich worked as a Constituency Elections Coordinator under the Directorate of Voter Registration and Elections Operations. His credentials are unknown and he is alleged to higly inclined to Jubilee leadership.These team will be aided with the gentlemen in the picture below. One identified as Manwa Magoma and the other we are yet to establish his name. These are the gentlemen who messed the KIEMS kits.Source: Cord Effect- see link below