Two IEBC Commissioners have out guns blazing and distanced themselves from a statement that was issued ealier on the Thursday afternoon that seemed to attack Chairman Wafula Chebukati over his memo to CEO Ezra Chiloba. The statement blaming Chebukati was allegedly issued by Vice Chairperson Nkatha Bucha-Maina.Here below are the two statements clarifying positions for commissioner Paul Kurgat and Commissioner Margret Mwachanya.&#8220;This is to kindly inform you that I was not consulted or briefed on the statement attributed to IEBC commissioners and sent to the newsrooms this evening. I encourage my colleaques to make use of our internal mechanisms and opportunities. I had fruitful discussions this evening with Bishop Alfred Rotich at Waumini house during which the statement was released&#8221;.&#8211; IEBC Commissioner Paul Kurgat It has come to my attention that a purported Memo is going rounds online and on mainstream media to the effect that I, Margaret Mwachanya, alongside four other commissioners, have dismissed an earlier Memo by the Chairman Mr. Wafula Chebukati to the CEO, Mr. Ezra Chiloba. I am NOT among the authors of the purported document. Neither the hatcher of the idea.&#8221;&#8211; Commissioner MwachanyaThe two Commissioners Kurgat and Mwachanya were responding to the statement that had been issued by Vice Chair Consolata Nkatha Bucha-Maina that was signed by five commissioners that included the names of the two commissioners.CLARIFICATION ON ALLEGED MEMO FROM THE COMMISSIONOur attention has been drawn to media reports on alleged 12 issues on the just concluded General Election. The issues are captured in a memo allegedly written by the Chairman, Mr. Wafula Chebukati to the CS/CEO, Mr. Ezra Chiloba.We wish to clarify that the contents of the said memo were not discussed and sanctioned by the Commission Plenary. The Commissioners came to know of the memo through the media like everyone else.A quick perusal of the memo shows that the allegations are based on some report or information that has not been brought to the attention of the Commission. Most of the issues raised are not factual and could easily mislead if taken out of context. However, the Secretariat is reviewing the issues and will prepare appropriate responses to be presented to the Commission Plenary.We wish to reassure the country that the Commission is in the process of preparing for a fresh presidential election to be held on 17th October 2017. Our commitment is to ensure that a credible process is held in line with the principles enunciated by the Supreme Court in its brief judgment. We invite all Kenyans to stand by the Commission as it carries out this mandate.VICE CHAIRPERSON CONSALATA NKATHA MAINA COMMISSIONER PROF. YAKUB GULIYE COMMISSIONER AMB. PAUL KURGAT COMMISSIONER BOYA MOLU COMMISSIONER MAGRET MWACHANYA</strong>