PRESS STATEMENT O.D.M DEMANDS EQUAL PROTECTION OF THE POLICE IN PARTY PRIMARIES Article 27. (1) of the Constitution of Kenya says Every person is equal before the law and has the right to equal protection and equal benefit of the law.(2) Equality includes the full and equal enjoyment of all rights and fundamental freedoms.Yesterday President Uhuru Kenyatta gave a stern warning to people who cause violence during nominations and said they will face the full force of the law. This is a warning that the President more than once during this election period.Despite these warnings, it appears that the concern is only in Jubilee areas. Yesterday, there was a complete breakdown of law and order in Migori as the police watched. No one intervened as thugs cut down O.D.M election officials in front of TV cameras. To-date, no arrests have been made. The culprits are on camera yet none of them is being arrested. Those who sent them are admitting on camera yet no action is being taken.The National Police Service is giving security only to Jubilee areas. In O.D.M. areas, they are only providing police. The presence of police appears to be only cosmetic in O.D.M. areas. Thugs are being let to run amok and to rule areas like Migori with reckless abandon but in Jubilee areas the police are ensuring that there is no such break down of law and order. If what happened in Migori yesterday had happened in Murang a, the police cells would be full.Yesterday s attack by hired goons on a meeting of the Migori County Election Board at Rakwaro Catholic Hall in Migori was a clear manifestation of the intent by some forces within the County who enjoy police protection to cause chaos during the nominations scheduled for Monday 24th April 2017.We believe the police are deliberately ignoring the O.D.M areas so that chaos can break up and Jubilee can portray O.D.M. as violent chaotic. The thugs who ruled Migori yesterday have been let to roam the county freely so that they can continue causing chaos and intimidating people during nominations and Jubilee can use that chaos politically to discredit us. O.D.M shall not accept this.We demand equal protection from the police. Crime will be committed in any place in Kenya where the police don&#8217;t enforce law and order. The police must stop playing along with Jubilee to discredit O.D.M nominations.We hold the Police responsible for all the violence that occur in those areas where the indications already exist but the police are refusing to take appropriate action particularly in Migori where they have refused to make the necessary arrests.As a party, we sound a stern warning to politicians in Migori County who are hell bent to cause violence during the party nominations that THE PARTY SHALL NOT condone their behavior. They will be disqualified from running on the party ticket and barred from engaging in any party activities if they continue instigating, participating in or condoning violence. It shall not matter what status, position or support one has in society, the whip shall be cracked without mercy.We demand our equal rights under article 27 of the Constitution. Thank you and God Bless Kenya. Sen. (Dr) Agnes ZaniAg. Secretary General 21st April 2017ODM PARTY PRIMARIES TIMETABLE Saturday 22nd April: Mombasa, Kwale, Kilifi, Tana River, Lamu Counties as well as the five polling stations earlier announced in Taveta sub-county of Taita Taveta County.Monday 24th April: Homabay, Migori, Siaya, Kisumu and Uasin Gishu Counties, Nakuru Town West Constituency and St. Monica Polling Station in Kitengela Ward of Kajiado East.Tuesday 25th April: Nairobi, Garissa, Makueni and Vihiga.