By J. MandagoI have seen guys laughing that some Kenyans are running away from towns such as Nairobi, Nakuru, Eldoret because they fear violence. Those running are most likely Raila voters and this may affect the outcome of the elections with Jubilee winning. This is unlikely and after the events of 2007 and 2013, many Kenyans did take their voter s card in their rural homes, obviously factoring violence but also to vote for their kin and friends. But even so, just like Uasin Gishu Governor Jackson Madago sain while in Langas Eldoret, this election is not for Raila or Luos s to lose. It is for Kenyans.If the last four years have been good for you, then you can elect Jubilee back. But if you were affected by teacher s strike, doctor s strike, nurses strike, lecturer s strike, if you were affected by the corruption at the ministry, if the government anti-NGO stance led you to lose your job, if opening the gates to Chinese goods saw your company close shop and move out of Kenya, if the failing shilling affected your import business, if the price food affected you, you should vote for change. Jubilee were hardly on the news for doing something right, except for the paid-up advertisements. From the day one, the public appointments were one sided (favouring the only two communities in government) the corruption runaway, best exemplified by a powerful government official trying to grab a public-school land and teargassing school children for protesting. There was NYS, there was a lot of land grabbing. The SGR was scandalously overpriced. Ministry of health. Eurobond. The maize scandal. You name it. Another five years of this mediocrity just because you don t like Raila is the height of stupidity. When your businesses suffer because you can t access a loan, will you still blame Raila? When land is grabbed, more scandals are unearthed, will you still blame Raila? Laugh all you want at the prospect of NASA losing, but you will be counting your losses shortly after things go awry. For you are certain they will.